the fape pilgrims have asked and that these parents with more children pity master
and the maternity leave is extended
as their annual congress held today in Madrid
they also denounce that they are suffering cuts
few services that he received, such as cinema
Skull Sonsoles
that yes in the three neighboring Arab cases
Good afternoon, numerous families from Spain gather here today to pray
the irreplaceable contribution they make to society
represent 14 percent of the entire Spanish population its role is
especially decisive in a time of demographic winter and of crise with the
we kiss in Spain, however, they say that the effort
they realize it's worth it
It is a wonderful experience in fact the innkeepers by mouth in front of the
father who is
We did not think we had as many children as we had
with one we realize that
after the shooting that to improve
and so far both chocho
the president of the Spanish federation of large families eva
baggy has reported that
the crisis
family benefits are deteriorating families camp between
other measures that are not penalized by the increased consumption they need to make
goods like water with light
the counselor of fanta and social affairs of the community of madrid gracia
hidalgo has recognized that they deserve compensation for their primary labor
social today that makes them a basic pillar of society
to work for the cristina vázquez family and for the future
Obviously this community of Madrid we are working a lot of
social politics
of support for families
the openings of san pedro and that these parents eat
in arms have
and the maternity leave is extended
as their annual congress held today in Madrid
they also denounce that they are suffering cuts
few services that he received, such as cinema
Skull Sonsoles
Passed following strict his Arab neighbors
good afternoon, large families of
Spain gather here today to remember the irreplaceable contribution
that make society represent 14 percent of the entire population
Spanish its role is especially decisive in a winter time
demographic and crise with tacoma through amos in spain however
They say that the effort they make is worth it
it's a wonderful experience we've had by word of mouth in fact
parents
We thought that we did not have as many children as we do.
tone we still do not realize that
after the shooting that to improve
and so far both chocho
the president of the Spanish federation of large families eva
baggy has reported that
the crisis
family benefits are deteriorating
families camp among other measures that are not penalized by the greater
consumption they need to make of goods like water with light the counselor of
lack and social affairs of the community of madrid engracia hidalgo has recognized
who deserve compensation for their extraordinary social work today in Quito
that the family in a basic pillar of society
to work for the cristina vázquez family for the future
Obviously this community of Madrid we are working a lot of
social politics
of support for families